# Digital Signatures

This is a Python implementation of 3 digital signature algorithms: RSA, ECDSA and Schnorr signatures

## Key Generation

For all of the signature algorithms there was a method implemented to generate
a keypair: private key(sk) and public key(pk).

```python
sk, pk = generate_keypair()
```

## RSA

The RSA encryption algorithm is an asymmetric encryption algorithm. 
Nowadays, this algorithm is often used to organize a secure channel 
between users (forming a common secret and encrypting it with RSA).

```python
signature = sign(message, sk)
is_valid = verify(message, signature, pk)
```

## ECDSA

The Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) 
offers a variant of the Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA) 
that uses cryptography based on elliptic curves.

```python
signature = sign(message, sk)
is_valid = verify(message, signature, pk)
```

## Schnorr Signature

Schnorr signatures are a type of digital signature that supports 
the aggregation of public keys and signature values in a way 
that makes a multi-signature compact and anonymous 
(a single signature is indistinguishable from a signature 
generated by a potentially infinite number of participants).

In this implementation 2 types of Schnor signatures were implemented:

### Single Signature

```python
signature = sign(message, sk)
is_valid = verify(message, signature, pk)
```
### MuSig Scheme

For the MuSig Schnorr Signature Scheme there was an additional method
implemented needed for external usage(in testing):

```python
shared_pk, _ = generate_shared_pk(public_keys)
```

The verification process stays the same and that is the beauty of the MuSig scheme.

```python
signature = sign(message, sk)
is_valid = verify(message, signature, shared_pk)
```

## Elliptic Curves

Elliptic curve used in ECDSA and Schnorr signature is secp256k1 and can be changed
with any other curve supported by fastecdsa.

NOTE: Please get acquainted with http://safecurves.cr.yp.to/ before choosing a curve.


## Project Setup

### Install dependencies
```sh
pip install fastecdsa
```

Note that you need to have a C compiler. 
You also need to have GMP on your system as the 
underlying C code in this package (fastecdsa) includes the gmp.h 
header (and links against gmp via the -lgmp flag). You can install all dependencies as follows:

**apt**
```sh
sudo apt-get install python3-dev libgmp3-dev
```

**yum**
```sh
sudo yum install python-devel gmp-devel
```

**brew**
```sh
brew install gmp
```



### Run tests


```sh
python3 -m unittest test.py   
```

### Test results

